data/raw/README.md, before:

The data/raw directory contains the raw data from ClimateBC.

potential variables of interest:

*annual:*
- MAT - mean annual temperature (°C)
- DD<0 - degree-days below 0°C, chilling degree days
- PAS - precipitation as snow (mm). Covers timeline August(previous year) - July (current year)
- MAR - mean annual solar radiation (MJ m^(-2) d^(-1))

*seasonal:*
- Tave_wt - winter mean temperature (°C)
- Tmax_wt - winter mean maximum temperature (°C)
- Tmin_wt - winter mean minimum temperature (°C)
- PPT_wt - winter precipitation
- RAD_wt - winter solar radiation (MJ m^(-2) d^(-1))
- DD_0_wt - winter degree-days below 0°C
- DD5_wt - winter degree-days above 5°C
- PAS_wt - winter precipitation as snow (mm)
- RH_wt - winter relative humidity (%)

*monthly:*
- Tmax(XX) - max termperature in month XX (°C)
- Tmin(XX) - min termperature in month XX (°C)
- Tave(XX) - mean termperature in month XX (°C)
- Prec(XX) - precipitation in month XX (mm)
- DD<0(XX) degree-days below 0°C in month XX
- PAS(XX) - precipitation as snow in month XX (mm)
- RH(XX) - relative humidity in month XX (%)

Commit message:

With today's session the notebook .ipynb file is in pretty good shape. It only needs a couple more graphs and some explanations.

data/raw/README.md, after:

The data/raw directory contains the raw data from ClimateBC.
The different datasets are from different locations with an additional document containing the projected future climatic variables for this location

## potential variables of interest:

*annual:*
- MAT - mean annual temperature (°C)
- DD<0 - degree-days below 0°C, chilling degree days
- PAS - precipitation as snow (mm). Covers timeline August(previous year) - July (current year)
- MAR - mean annual solar radiation (MJ m^(-2) d^(-1))

*seasonal:*
- Tave_wt - winter mean temperature (°C)
- Tmax_wt - winter mean maximum temperature (°C)
- Tmin_wt - winter mean minimum temperature (°C)
- PPT_wt - winter precipitation
- RAD_wt - winter solar radiation (MJ m^(-2) d^(-1))
- DD_0_wt - winter degree-days below 0°C
- DD5_wt - winter degree-days above 5°C
- PAS_wt - winter precipitation as snow (mm)
- RH_wt - winter relative humidity (%)

*monthly:*
- Tmax(XX) - max termperature in month XX (°C)
- Tmin(XX) - min termperature in month XX (°C)
- Tave(XX) - mean termperature in month XX (°C)
- Prec(XX) - precipitation in month XX (mm)
- DD<0(XX) degree-days below 0°C in month XX
- PAS(XX) - precipitation as snow in month XX (mm)
- RH(XX) - relative humidity in month XX (%)
